Add more details to coq-tools (#25)
coq-community/awesome-coq: README.md

- [CoqOfOCaml](https://github.com/clarus/coq-of-ocaml) - Tool for generating idiomatic Coq from OCaml code.
- [coq-dpdgraph](https://github.com/Karmaki/coq-dpdgraph) - Tool for building dependency graphs between Coq objects.
- [coq-scripts](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-scripts) - Scripts for dealing with Coq files, including tabulating proof times.

> - [coq-tools](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools) - Scripts for manipulating Coq developments, including:
>     + [`find-bug.py`](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools/blob/master/find-bug.py) automatically minimizes a `.v` file producing an error, allowing automatic creation of small stand-alone test cases for Coq bugs;
>     + [`absolutize-imports.py`](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools/blob/master/absolutize-imports.py) processes `.v` files, replacing things like `Require Import Program.` with `Require Import Coq.Program.Program;`, making `Require`s robust against shadowing of file names.
>     + [`inline-imports.py`](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools/blob/master/inline-imports.py) inlines the `Require`d dependencies of a `.v` file, allowing the automatic creation of stand-alone files from developments;
>     + [`minimize-requires.py`](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools/blob/master/minimize-requires.py) removes unused `Require` and `Require Import` statements, and, optionally, unused `Require Export` statements;
>     + [`move-requires.py`](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools/blob/master/move-requires.py) splits all `Require Import` and `Require Export` statements into separate `Require` and `Import`/`Export` statements, and moves all `Require` statements to the top of a `.v` file;
>     + [`move-vernaculars.py`](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools/blob/master/move-vernaculars.py) lifts many vernacular commands and inner lemmas out of `Proof. &hellip; Qed.` blocks;
>     + [`proof-using-helper.py`](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools/blob/master/proof-using-helper.py) processes the output of running `coqc` on a file with `Suggest Proof Using` set, to modify the file with the given `Proof using` suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [coq-tools](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools) - Scripts for manipulating Coq developments.
  - [`find-bug.py`](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools/blob/master/find-bug.py) - Automatically minimizes source files producing an error, creating small test cases for Coq bugs.
  - [`absolutize-imports.py`](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools/blob/master/absolutize-imports.py) - Processes source files to make loading of dependencies robust against shadowing of file names.
  - [`inline-imports.py`](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools/blob/master/inline-imports.py) - Creates stand-alone source files from developments by inlining the loading of all dependencies.
  - [`minimize-requires.py`](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools/blob/master/minimize-requires.py) - Removes loading of unused dependencies.
  - [`move-requires.py`](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools/blob/master/move-requires.py) - Moves all dependency loading statements to the top of source files.
  - [`move-vernaculars.py`](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools/blob/master/move-vernaculars.py) - Lifts many vernacular commands and inner lemmas out of proof script blocks.
  - [`proof-using-helper.py`](https://github.com/JasonGross/coq-tools/blob/master/proof-using-helper.py) - Modifies source files to include proof annotations for faster parallel proving.
```
